Dashboard Pre-Alpha (#987)
flowforge/website: src/blog/2023/07/dashboard-0-1-release.md

---
title: First Pre-Alpha Release of the new Node-RED Dashboard
subtitle: Introducing v0.0.1 – An Initial Glimpse at the Future of Dashboarding in Node-RED
description: The first release of the successor to the Node-RED Dashboard has arrived, marking the beginning of the pre-alpha phase.
date: 2023-07-27
authors: ["joe-pavitt", "marian-demme"]
image: /blog/2023/07/images/nr-dashboard-tile.png
tags:
    - posts
    - releases
---

Just weeks ago, we at FlowForge [announced our plan](../../06/dashboard-announcement) to develop a successor to the Node-RED Dashboard. Today, we're excited to reveal the pre-alpha release of this highly anticipated project, bringing us one step closer to a new era of data visualization in Node-RED.

<!--more-->

## Sneak Peek into the New Node-RED Dashboard

<!-- ![](./images/placeholder.png "new Node-RED Dashboard Overview")-->

> The version 0.0.1 of our Node-RED Dashboard successor, available for download as a npm package under the name [@flowforge/node-red-dashboard](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@flowforge/node-red-dashboard) in your Node-RED palette manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Node-RED Dashboard successor is now available for install as an npm package under the name [@flowforge/node-red-dashboard](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@flowforge/node-red-dashboard) in your Node-RED palette manager.
```
